Update the P2P part of the core protocol (#3699)
dfinity/portal: how-it-works/1_protocol/01_peer-to-peer-p2p.subpage.md

# Peer-to-Peer

> The peer-to-peer (P2P) layer in the Internet Computer (IC) enables secure, reliable communication between nodes in a subnet. Broadcast messages, such as user-submitted inputs to canister smart contracts or blocks generated by the consensus layer, are reliably delivered to all necessary nodes for continued progress. As the communication backbone of the IC protocol stack, the P2P layer underpins the consensus layer by broadcasting messages to subnet nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The peer-to-peer (P2P) layer in the Internet Computer (IC) enables secure, reliable communication between nodes in a subnet. Broadcast messages, such as user-submitted inputs to canister smart contracts or blocks generated by the consensus layer, are reliably delivered to all nodes necessary for uninterrupted network operation. 
```

> A key feature is asynchronous message delivery to all required subnet nodes, mirroring real-world network conditions and forming the basis for ICP’s communication and consensus protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key feature is the guaranteed message delivery to all required subnet nodes despite varying real-world network conditions and node failures, thus forming the basis for ICP’s communication and consensus protocols.
```

## Abortable Broadcast

> At the heart of the P2P layer is the Abortable Broadcast primitive, which is critical for efficient inter-replica communication in Byzantine Fault Tolerant (BFT) settings. It provides strong delivery guarantees in the presence of network congestion, peer or link failures, and backpressure. By preserving bandwidth and bounding data structures, Abortable Broadcast prevents overload from malicious peers while maintaining consistent updates in IC. It resembles a publish–subscribe model, with the added ability to abort in-flight messages when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the heart of the P2P layer is the Abortable Broadcast primitive, which is critical for efficient inter-replica communication in Byzantine Fault Tolerant (BFT) settings. It provides strong delivery guarantees in the presence of network congestion, peer or link failures, and backpressure. By preserving bandwidth and bounding the size of its data structures, Abortable Broadcast prevents overload from malicious peers while ensuring consistency for messages from honest nodes. It resembles a publish–subscribe model, with the added ability to abort in-flight messages when needed.
```
